Updating Cluster Agent changelog (#3422)
DataDog/datadog-agent: CHANGELOG-DCA.rst

- The Cluster Agent can now auto-discover config templates for kubernetes endpoints checks and expose them to node Agents via its API
- Add the ``config`` and ``configcheck`` command to the cluster agent CLI
- Add the ``diagnose`` command to the cluster agent CLI and flare
- Add cluster_checks.extra_tags option to allow users to add tags globally to the cluster level checks.

Enhancement Notes
-----------------
- Improving Lifecycle of the External Metrics Provider
- Support milliquantities for the External Metrics Provider

> - Move some logs info to debug, in order to not generates useless logs in normal case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move some logs from info to debug, in order to generates fewer noisy logs when running correctly.
```
